PROFESSOR: Jeremy Cannell

Review 1 (CIS355): You won't learn much and he frequently goes off topic and rambles. Want an A? Attend class on time, stay off your phone, and indulge his rambles. The class is very easy otherwise. Multiple choice tests made with ChatGPT and he gives you the questions beforehand.

Review 2 (CIS214): He told the class if he was reported for being unclear, he would say that we weren't listening.

Review 3 (CIS): Worst teacher I have seen. Always wastes time in class and does not know the subject well. Inconsistent with attendance policy.

Review 4 (CIS180): He isn't the worst but not the best. I had no idea what my grade was because he gives zero feedback on assignments and does not post grades online. Tough grader on exams.

Review 5 (CIS180): Very disorganized. Asks what we studied last class, forgets what section he is teaching, makes excuses to leave early, and goes on rants for 10-15 minutes. Has not posted a single grade the whole semester. The class is very easy despite all this.

Review 6 (CIS180): Class is fairly easy as long as you pay attention and put in a little effort. He sometimes comes unprepared and gets off topic a lot. Super nice but class could be more serious.

Review 7 (CIS180): All students have no idea what is going on.

Review 8 (CIS216): Nice teacher. Knows what he is talking about but kind of confusing to understand. Really easy, just hand in stuff and show up. As long as you show up you pass.

Review 9 (GCIS511): Really nice and cool guy. Understands students very well and is very knowledgeable.

Review 10 (CIS214): Easy, just pay attention and show up. Good guy. If you are interested in learning have a conversation with him.

Review 11 (ADVANCEDOOP): Nice enough guy but will expect you to know things he never teaches. Assignments are notoriously unclear and you will never live up to his expectations.

Review 12 (CIS190): Class is easy if you pay attention. A bit unclear on assignments but always willing to help. Tests are pretty easy and you go over them the class before.

Review 13 (CIS190): Very smart, normally knows what he is doing. Pretty unclear on specifics for assignments. Will help if asked. Very likeable person, recommended if you are persistent.

Review 14 (PRICOFCOMPUT): Really cool teacher with an English accent. Very lenient and understanding.

Review 15 (PRINCIPLES): Great person and teacher. Be patient with his occasional mistakes and it will be a smooth ride. If something is unclear just ask and he will straighten things out.

Review 16 (PRINCIPLEOFCO): Really nice guy. Does an awesome job helping students, you just have to ask.

Review 17 (CINTRO): Really nice but very unclear and can't keep track of assignments.

Review 18 (PRINCIPLES): Not very clear on expectations, takes forever to reply to emails, and has mistakes on examples he uses.

Review 19 (C): Never knew what I was supposed to be doing.

Review 20 (ECE): Really knows his stuff and is a good person too.

Review 21 (DATASTRUC): Great teacher, very smart.

Review 22 (C): Willing to help students all the time.

Review 23 (CIS): Very dedicated professor, seems to genuinely care about students learning.