PROFESSOR: Tajmilur Rahman

Review 1 (CIS277): He tries to help but gets angry and has even yelled at me when I asked for help. Discouraged me from wanting to ask for help the rest of the class. Would give us code that wouldn't work but got mad at us even though it was his code. If you made a small error copying his code he would make you feel stupid. AVOID at all costs.

Review 2 (CIS277): Slow to respond to emails, unhelpful, and often dismissive. Does not explain material clearly and his tests don't match the course. Getting help is nearly impossible and grades don't reflect your work. Worst instructor I've had, would not recommend.

Review 3 (SOFT210): The most infamous CS professor at Gannon. Cannot explain anything properly, not even his own PowerPoints. Worst assignments and worst tests. Grades assignments to give you the lowest possible grade.

Review 4 (CSC220): Doesn't follow the syllabus and only teaches things he knows. If you question him about something he will counter-question and leave your issue unsolved. You will not learn anything.

Review 5 (CIS223): If you want to get humiliated publicly in class then take his course. He gives bad comments in front of the whole class and targets students to harass them. Worst professor ever.

Review 6 (SOFT210): Gives unclear group projects with no hard deliverables. Projects always turn into a mess and often require things not discussed in class, then he is disappointed when you don't have what he never asked for. Terrible professor.

Review 7 (CIS223): Bad, don't take him. The class is clueless and sometimes he ends the lecture more than an hour early. Not recommended.

Review 8 (SOFT210): He doesn't know how to teach and you will not learn anything from his lectures. Very sleepy and sloppy teaching style. Would often leave an hour early without finishing the material. Grading criteria is non-existent.

Review 9 (CIS223): Does not know what he is teaching. Does not grade anything and at the end of semester gives random grades based on what he thinks you should get. Does not follow the syllabus.