PROFESSOR: David Marino

Review 1 (CIS150): Very strict on his rules, not the nicest guy. The class was very easy but if he didn't like you it was way harder.

Review 2 (CIS150): Good teacher, he's strict but you don't need your phone during an hour-long class anyway. Show up and take notes on everything and the tests are easy. He tells you exactly what they're on. If you do bad it's because you didn't show up or didn't try.

Review 3 (CIS150): Not allowed to touch your phone during class and gets mad if you leave to use the restroom. No assignments besides tests so your entire grade comes from tests. As long as you come to class and don't miss lectures you will be fine because everything he talks about is on the tests.

Review 4 (CIS150): Most boring lectures ever. Very strict on attendance. No assignments outside of tests making it difficult to keep your grade up.

Review 5 (CIS170): He loves being in charge and making it known he can do what he wants. Stay on his good side and you should be fine.

Review 6 (CIS150): Very nice professor as long as you attend class. He cracks jokes and makes sure students pass the tests based on what they know.

Review 7 (CIS170): Says attendance is not necessary but then makes a huge deal of it. Class is boring but he is a nice guy.

Review 8 (CIS170): He will round your grade up at the end of the semester if you have good attendance. Take notes on everything he says because it will be on the test. Tests are not hard if you show up and pay attention. You will not pass if you don't show up.

Review 9 (CIS150): Huge on attendance and no cell phone usage in class. If you follow his rules and show up he gives an easy A. Not a bad professor but boring lectures.

Review 10 (CIS150): Very nice guy, tells you exactly everything that is on the exams. If you pay attention in class you will have an easy A.

Review 11 (CIS150): Super big on attendance, you have to show up to class. Other than that he is a really chill professor and makes the class super easy.

Review 12 (CIS170): Says the same thing in class every day. Easiest class ever. Very opinionated, it's his way or the highway. Attendance is taken at the beginning of each class so you cannot skip.

Review 13 (CIS170): Very easy. Just make sure you pay attention because he tells you exactly what will be on the test.

Review 14 (CIS170): Does not give much homework. Relatively boring lecturer. Attendance is mandatory and he hates when people skip, but not a bad professor overall.

Review 15 (CIS173): Explains everything multiple times and tells you exactly what to expect on exams. If you go to class you will have an easy A.

Review 16 (COBOLPROG): Very straightforward. Come to class, pay attention, learn the material, take the tests. He will explain everything multiple times. If you are still struggling just ask and he will explain again. Nice guy, no nonsense.

Review 17 (CIS170): Really nice and goes over everything you need to know for the test repeatedly. Goes out of his way to help people who don't understand something.

Review 18 (PCOS170): Clear and to the point in lectures, repeats the key points a lot. Very easy class.

Review 19 (PCOSINTERNET): Class was extremely easy and he was a nice guy.

Review 20 (EXCEL): Great teacher who is willing to work with you if you just talk to him.